z stream 2.14.1 release note (#8281)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/mce_fixed_issues.adoc

By default, fixed issues for _errata_ releases are automatically applied when released. The details are published here when the release is available. If no release notes are listed, the product does not have an errata release at this time.

*Important:* For reference, Jira links and Jira numbers might be added to the content and used internally. Links that require access might not be available for the user. Learn about the types of link:https://access.redhat.com/security/updates/advisory[errata releases] from Red Hat.

== Errata 2.9.1

* Delivers updates to one or more product container images.

> * Adds a missing link to the operator source code and repository on the OperatorHub installation page. The 'annotation.repository' is updated to point to the correct repository URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds a missing link to the operator source code and repository on the OperatorHub installation page. The `annotation.repository` is updated to point to the correct repository URL.
```

> * Adds a missing link to the operator source code and repository on the OperatorHub install page for installation. The 'annotation.repository' is updated to point to the correct repository URL.

Author: @ngraham20 FYI. Please review.

Reviewer 2: lgtm!

> * Adds a missing link to the operator source code and repository on the OperatorHub install page for installation. The 'annotation.repository' is updated to point to the correct repository URL.

Reviewer: Should there a be a space for "OperatorHub" ---> Operator Hub

```suggestion
* Adds a missing link to the operator source code and repository on the OperatorHub install page. The `annotation.repository` is updated to point to the correct repository URL.
```

Author: This is something we have to watch out for in that we should never use "install" as a noun or to modify a noun, only a verb. I am not sure what the page is called, so I changed it to _installation_. 

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.3/html/operators/olm-understanding-operatorhub#olm-operatorhub-overview_olm-understanding-operatorhub
